- Every day, I end each show
with a reminder
to be kind to one another,
and this next story
is a perfect example of how
one small act of kindness
can go a very long way.
Come on down, Kelly McGuire.
Your--really,
your story is great.
So you live in Chicago,
and you were coming home
from a Bears game, right?
- Yes.
- Okay, so tell everyone
what happened.
- Okay, so I was coming home
from a Bears game,
and we were trying
to hurry to our train,
'cause I'm really last second.
I always do that.
Grr, it's bad.
But we're hurrying, hurrying,
and I see a homeless woman,
and I passed her.
I crossed the street
and I stopped,
and I grabbed my husband,
and I said,
"Listen, I'm about to do
something crazy.
I can't explain it, but I need
to give this woman my boots."
He's like, "Okay, crazy."
And so--
- It's cold outside.
- Yeah, it's freezing.
She didn't want to talk
at first.
I kind of had to make her feel
like I was a safe person,
and we began to connect
with one another,
and it was really special.
And we only had
a few moments together.
But I told her
I had seen her sign,
once I got back
across the street,
and it said that she needed
warm clothes,
and she needed some
winter boots.
And I could just see it in
her eyes, she was so thankful,
and she started to cry
and I said,
"I want to give you
my boots too.
I'm just going to sit down
right next to you and--"
So I took them off.
- And you both
have the same size shoes.
- Yes, yeah.
So I asked her, and I thought,
"This is real--"
I believe that--you know, like,
right place, right time timing,
and this was that moment, so--
I said, "You know, Amy,
I hope you have a great year.
I hope you stay warm and I hope
things turn around for you."
And she said,
"But what about your feet?
"You know, I don't want
your feet to be cold.
Can I give you my old boots?"
And it gives me the chills.
Like, even just talking
about it right now,
I don't know how to not be
emotional about it,
because that's
an emotional thing.
- She--she gave me
her only thing.
- Yeah, she was now concerned
about you.
She wasn't just taking the
boots, so she gave you hers.
You put them on.
But this is--this is not
the only act of kindness you--
Every Christmas Eve,
you drop off cookies
for the local fire department.
You drop off veggie trays to
nurses and doctors
working in the ER.
Valentine's Day, you drop off
cards and flowers to the widows
of the church you go to.
Your father's a teacher.
One of his students
had to go to the ER.
Parents couldn't go,
so you went to the ER
and held her hand
for three hours.
During the holidays
and school year,
you help organize donations
for 30 kids
whose parents are incarcerated.
You're really an incredible
young woman.
I mean, really,
I admire what you do.
And I thought--
I wanted to give you my boots.
You know I have a clothing line
and a lifestyle--
It's ED by Ellen, and so,
I thought I would give you
my shoes.
They're your size exactly.
We're the same size.
And I always keep my money in
it, so I have $10,000.
[cheers and applause]
Now here's what I want.
- I've never had
that much money before.
- All right.
[cheers and applause]
'Cause Shutterfly wants to help
you spread life's joy,
and what we want,
with this $10,000,
I want you to find ten friends.
I want you to give them $1,000.
I want you to tell them
to pay it forward,
to find something to do
good with that.
And then in my other shoe
is $10,000 for you.
- Oh.
- All right?
[cheers and applause]
- Can I hug you?
So special.
[cheers and applause]
- Thank you.
All right.
So listen.
[cheers and applause]
This story--when I say
"be kind to one another,"
I really mean it.
I think we--I'm not just saying
it at the end of the show.
I want everybody to start
a kindness campaign.
I want to encourage
all my viewers
to do simple acts
like Kelly did.
If you see someone doing
something good,
let us know about it.
Post it on social media
and use the hashtag,
\#BeKindToOneAnother.
It could be big,
it can be small.
Doesn't matter,
as long as it's kind.
I really think we need this
out in the world right now.
so please do that, everybody.
We'll be right back.